YLP-1943 Training material modal should open the document before enabling access to yourloops (#977)
mdblp/blip: CHANGELOG.md

Blip is the web front end for YourLoops system.
It is based on Tidepool Blip 1.27.

## 3.0.2-beta33 - 2022-11-25
### Added
- YLP-1679 Allow caregivers to remove patients from their direct share
- YLP-1850 Patient search should comply to INS standard

> - YLP-1943 Training material modal should open the document before enabling access to yourloops

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- YLP-1943 Training material is acknowledged after Yourloops TM is opened and read (including the new checkbox message) and before any use of YLP
```
